matter: pull fix for general diagnostics hardware address (#10223)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    8 dBm for nRF52840, 3 dBm for nRF5340, 20 dBm for all devices with FEM enabled, and 0 dBm for sleepy devices.

> * Fixed the issue of connection timing out when attaching to a Wi-Fi access point that requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3).
> * Fixed ``NetworkInterfaces`` attribute of General Diagnostics cluster to return MAC Extended Address instead of EUI-64 for Thread network interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed:

   * The issue where the connection would time out when attaching to a Wi-Fi access point that requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3).
   * The issue where the ``NetworkInterfaces`` attribute of General Diagnostics cluster would return MAC Extended Address instead of EUI-64 for Thread network interfaces.
```

Author: The other way around (EUI-64 instead of MAC Extended Address), but I applied the change.

  * Default transmission output power for Matter over Thread devices to the maximum available one for all targets:
    8 dBm for nRF52840, 3 dBm for nRF5340, 20 dBm for all devices with FEM enabled, and 0 dBm for sleepy devices.

> * Fixed:
>    * The issue where the connection would time out when attaching to a Wi-Fi access point that requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed:

   * The issue where the connection would time out when attaching to a Wi-Fi access point that requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3).
```
